hey guys it's honestly Erica in this
video I'm going to be showing you how I
finger detangle in this video my hair
has been recently taken down from twist
so it's very tangled lots of hair
and it's completely dry so first I start
off by saturating my hair with
conditioner I'm just using a cheapy
vol.5 conditioner because i'm using
basically the entire bottle
once my hair is saturated with
conditioner I start to detangle I use my
thumb's at first to pull out any big
knots and then I start to work my way
through with my fingers once I have all
the big knots out I use my fingers kind
of like a comb and I start from Anton
you
I
so I just repeat these steps on each
section of my hair I probably do pretty
small sections just because my hair is
so tangled I'm in this easier if I were
come in smaller sections
you
once I'm done detangling on my dry hair
I the next step is to get in the shower
and let the water also help me detangle
further the water really helps to remove
any additional tangles and here
that I have so here is my hair fresh out
of the shower i'll show you this section
that you can see that it is pretty good
tangle and it only use my fingers um let
me know how you guys do tangle any tips
and tricks that you know thanks for
watching